Add manual for Sonoff T3 EU 3 Gang (#816)
OttoWinter/esphomedocs: devices/sonoff_t3_eu_3gang_v1.0.rst

a custom firmware through their own upload process. Unfortunately, that means that the only way to
flash the initial ESPHome firmware is by physically opening the device up and using the UART
interface.

.. warning::

    Opening up this device can be very dangerous if not done correctly. While the device is open,
    you will be a single touch away from being electrocuted if the device is plugged in.

    So, during this *entire* guide **never ever** plug the device in. Also, you should only do this
    if you know what you're doing. If you, at any step, feel something is wrong or are uncomfortable
    with continuing, it's best to just stop for your own safety.

    It's your own responsibility to make sure everything you do during this setup process is safe.

For this guide you will need:

- Sonoff T3 EU 3 Gang 😉
- An USB to UART Bridge for flashing the device. These can be bought on Amazon for less than 5 dollars.
  Note that the bridge *must* be 3.3V compatible. Otherwise you will destroy your Sonoff.
- Jumper wires to connect the UART bridge to the header pins and to connect GPIO0 to the Ground.

> - Computer running ESPHome or Hass.io add-on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Computer running ESPHome or the Home Assistant ESPHome add-on.
```
